this is Randy parks Channel 9 News
reporting here in downtown LEGO City
which is being attacked by aliens for
the second time in 48 hours
now our nation's military is being
I'll contact HQ in town that we lost
Egyptians here who wants to go next
sir the last teacher okay boys here's
the plan
local city has been taking over again
when you dropped off got a cool mile out
I'll be reinforced we say the hobos
reinforcements ready back up
I'm lieutenant Wilson there's a shadow
and Pete I'm snake to my left or Johnny
and Hawking to my right or Mitch and the
new guy well listen up
now on what I say goes got it yes sir
take a look at this captain that's the
mothership we need to make our way over
there cut the chitchat boys it's time to
go okay shadow Pete and I are gonna
clear the bar Hawk and Mitch are gonna
clear the bank snake new guy and Johnnie
are gonna clear the restaurant when
you're done you're to meet back here
Pete get the flamethrower you're gonna
need it
move out Pete he died for us get up and
drop the gun
walk do I have permission sir permission
granted
let's go what happened to Pete he died
for us okay boys we're almost done now I
just have to clear the marble tower area
this will be the aliens last chance to
keep marble City so they're gonna give
it all they've got since Pete's gone
I'll be working the big gun Johnny
you're gonna take my place move out
this is snake reporting to sergeant
wills from the horrible tower what's it
look like the place is covered with
aliens I see a alien tripod we'll be
there soon
Roger that get down he saved my life
regroup congratulations we've officially
taken back marble city there's only one
more thing to do now and that's to sneak
onto the alien mothership and go to the
alien planet to blow it up okay in
sergeant rules if you decide to come
with us what I say goes now got it we
can use now that stalks gone move out